README.md, before:

# FastAPI Application

![Application Screenshot](images/test_enpoints.jpeg)

## Overview

We moved app.py to src folder so it is easier for local development:
we don't need to watch for changes in venv folder but we wanna have reload on changes.

## Local Development

- Install Python (tested with version 3.12.1)

- Create a virtual environment:
python -m venv venv

- Activate the virtual environment:
.\venv\Scripts\activate

- Update python installer:
python -m pip install --upgrade pip

- Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements-local-dev-windows.txt

- Running the Application:
uvicorn src.app:app --reload --reload-dir src

- Accessing the Endpoints Manually (UI):
Testing endpoints on http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs

- Run with Debug Locally in VScode:
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "Python: Uvicorn",
            "type": "python",
            "request": "launch",
            "module": "uvicorn",
            "args": [
                "src.app:app",
                "--reload",
                "--reload-dir",
                "src"
            ],
            "console": "integratedTerminal",
            "env": {
                "PYTHONPATH": "${workspaceFolder}/src"
            },
            "jinja": true
        }
    ]
}

## Heroku Deployment
Dev, staging and prod is on Linux based Heroku servers, so requirements.txt is super simple
Run command and runtime requirements are in Procfile and runtime.txt

## Tests
- python test_validate.py
- python test_truncate.py

Commit message:

Add App description in readme

README.md, after:

# FastAPI Application

![Application Screenshot](images/test_enpoints.jpeg)

## Overview

Application on base of Fast API python package.
Includes endpoints, tests, requirement files and install and usage description.
For endpoints used recursive approach to get maximum flexibility.

We moved app.py to src folder so it is easier for local development:
we don't need to watch for changes in venv folder but we wanna have reload on changes.

## Local Development

- Install Python (tested with version 3.12.1)

- Create a virtual environment:
python -m venv venv

- Activate the virtual environment:
.\venv\Scripts\activate

- Update python installer:
python -m pip install --upgrade pip

- Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements-local-dev-windows.txt

- Running the Application:
uvicorn src.app:app --reload --reload-dir src

- Accessing the Endpoints Manually (UI):
Testing endpoints on http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs

- Run with Debug Locally in VScode:
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
        {
            "name": "Python: Uvicorn",
            "type": "python",
            "request": "launch",
            "module": "uvicorn",
            "args": [
                "src.app:app",
                "--reload",
                "--reload-dir",
                "src"
            ],
            "console": "integratedTerminal",
            "env": {
                "PYTHONPATH": "${workspaceFolder}/src"
            },
            "jinja": true
        }
    ]
}

## Heroku Deployment
Dev, staging and prod is on Linux based Heroku servers, so requirements.txt is super simple
Run command and runtime requirements are in Procfile and runtime.txt

## Tests
- python test_validate.py
- python test_truncate.py
